The Situ family hates domineering
unscrupulous
Everyone hates it like a bone
Now the head of the family is on his own
He easily killed the first master of the Situ family, Standing Rusong
Driving the Situ Clan Leader crazy again
Sengoku
Please ask the master to drink our cup of drunkenness this day
Right
And we're done.
Strive to compete with the driver's family
unveiling whitening
I, Chen Meiquan, came from the village
Don't say nice things
Since everyone trusts me
Then I would like to lead you
Make a difference for the Chen family
Okay, I have to cooperate with your performance
I don't know what symptoms you should have of poisoned alcohol
Oh, forget it, blind
Ahahahaha weak all over
Why is Chen Peixue not here today?
I will give you the right rules today